Mr. Chen took people away from my company casually
Why did you say I came here?
But Vice President Chen is not simple either
It is said that as long as it is the man he likes
I can say anything
Let's be honest
Xiaoxing is already mine
Mr. Chen is here today. I will cover the cost of whoever you like.
But he
No, yes, yes, yes.
Sister goes home to sleep
Go to Regency Hotel
Um, no hotel.
ID card
Where is your home
I'll take you back.
Miss
I don't have a home.
My dad has another woman
Gave birth to a son older than me
They don't want me anymore
So I clearly know that the minister is always uneasy and kind
He went anyway.
In fact, it is to prove to the family stall
The master goes to the Soviet-style villa